Ah, I still have the key to the screen saver.
You'd better have something that will make me spare your life.
Master...
Your Majesty, Prince Duan is loudly protesting in the forbidden area.
His cries can be heard ten miles away.
He is also refusing to eat.
He only requests to see you for five thousand.
Since he insists on fasting,
from today onwards, do not provide him with any food.
Let's see just how resolute he really is.
Peaceful.
In the previous life, he even brought his private troops to the palace gates.
He was quite determined.
Your Majesty, are you really not going to see Prince Duan?
After I have dealt with his crimes,
it will not be too late to see him.
Oh, Consort, are you feeling better?
I’m fine now.
I’m much better; the doctor said there’s nothing serious.
Today, I stopped taking the last dose of medicine.
Good, good. Since you’re fine now,
I will stay the night in the Changchun Palace.
Aren’t you afraid of me catching a cold?
If you’re worried about catching a cold, you should go back to your Yangxin Palace.
Why are you fighting me for the blanket?
I’m cold.
Your Majesty, if you want,
you can ask Bi Yuan to bring you another new blanket.
I wouldn’t dare to pass on my illness to you.
No need to trouble yourself. If I hold you, you won’t feel cold.